{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is a project that will stream line the collaboration between AI and humans.\
\
Basic workflow: AI and human will interact to create a set of documents called source of truth documents which include product requirements, implementation plans, test plans etc. For any given document in this workflow there will be two files: prompt guide and template guide. The goal of the AI is read the prompt and through interaction with human based on the prompt fill the template. The final document (i.e. filled in template) will be the source of truth. For example: to write a product brief, the AI will read the product brief prompt , and the product brief template, and follow the guidelines in the prompt to interact with the human to create product brief.md. There will be 3 folders: prompts, templates and sotdocs (source of truth docs).\
\
All these documents will be in .md so both AI and human can edit them. Also there can be 2 AIs, one to write the document another to review and critique. So the 2 AIs can collaborate two. The review back and forth should be in a critique document (e.g. product brief critique.md).\
\
There is order to the documents, for example, product brief precedes the product one pager, the product one pager precedes the product requirements document, and the product requirements document precedes the system design document and so on. Documents that precedes others are called \'93upstream documents\'94 and documents that succeed are down \'93downstream documents\'94.\
\
\
Rules:\
- upstream impact of change: If AI or human changes a document, the system should check all upstream documents to see if the changes it made deviate from the upstream documents, if so, it should notify the human what to do: either update the upstream documents to document the change or to revert the change. For example: AI adds a new feature to the code, it should check system design document, product requirements, etc to see if the feature is mentioned, if so, it should ask the user whether to keep the feature and update the system design, requirements, etc. or revert the new feature.\
\
- downstream impact of change: If AI or human changes a document, the system should check all downstream documents to see what the impact of the change is, and ask the human if the downstream documents must be updated to reflect the change or not. For example: AI adds a new feature to the product requirements document, it should check system design document, code, etc to see if the new feature exists and if not implement it, or ask user to revert the additional feature in the product requirements document.}